README.md, before:

gfy_bot
=======

GFY bot written in Ruby using reddits Snoo wrapper. It crawls through the comments on Reddit and looks for GIF images, then replies with a gfycat.com mirror link.

Contribute
==========

Feel free to fork the code and extend the bot as you wish. 

License
=======

gfy_bot is licensed under [Creative Commons - Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International (CC BY-NC 4.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/deed.en_US). It means you are free to:  
 - Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format  
 - Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material

Under the following terms: 

 1. Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.  
 2. NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
 
Donate
======

If you like my work ( or me in general ) feel free to buy me a beer! 
 - *PayPal: awkdev [at] gmail [dot] com*
 - *Bitcoin: 1FLrBNBkVZT1QN4d1H2Kv7i9S6W8fpE5ft*

Commit message:

Changed README: Added more details and example

README.md, after:

gfy_bot
=======

A ruby based bot built upon the Snoo wrapper and powered by Openshift cloud. It crawls through link posts, self posts and comments on *one or more given subs* at *set intervals* and looks for GIF images. These images are then uploaded to gfycat.com and the compressed gfycat link is posted as a comment in reply to the original post/comment.  Here's an example:

>---

>GFY link: [gfycat.com/OpulentEagerBeauceron](http://gfycat.com/OpulentEagerBeauceron)

>---

> GIF size: 1.67 MiB | GFY size:375.97 kiB | [~ About](http://www.reddit.com/r/gfycat/comments/1u5df2/made_a_gfy_bot_for_reddit_in_ruby_meet_ugfy_bot/)

>---


Contribute
==========

Feel free to fork the code and extend the bot as you wish. 

License
=======

gfy_bot is licensed under [Creative Commons - Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International (CC BY-NC 4.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/deed.en_US). It means you are free to:  
 - Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format  
 - Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material

Under the following terms: 

 1. Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.  
 2. NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
 
Donate
======

If you like my work ( or me in general ) feel free to buy me a beer! 
 - *PayPal: awkdev [at] gmail [dot] com*
 - *Bitcoin: 1FLrBNBkVZT1QN4d1H2Kv7i9S6W8fpE5ft*
